Cleanup Index and Version (#110)
LibertyDSNP/spec: pages/Reference/glossary.md

# Glossary

* **Activity Content** - The linked content connected to an "Announcement"
* **Announcement** - An item of data, typically an image or note, posted to the blockchain via a "Batch Publication"
* **Bad actor** - A user intentionally using the application for bad-faith or illegal purposes
* **Batch Publication** - A collection of Announcements
* **Bot** - An automated account, sometimes malicious but often providing some service ("Hey Alexa, what's the weather?")
* **Consumer** - Someone who reads content from social media
* **Contract address** - The unique number associated with a smart contract posted on the blockchain
* **Hash Collision** - The vanishingly unlikely possibility of a hash providing the same output for two different inputs
* **Hash function** - A cryptographic function whose output is effectively unique for any given input without any information from the input being accessible in the output
* **Hash** - A string of characters generated from a hash function, see "Hash function"

> * **Identity Contract Address** - The contract address of the smart contract we use to represent a user's delegations identity in our system, see "Contract address"

Reviewer: A little unclear to me what we are trying to say here - are we trying to say this contract represents a `user's delegated identities`?

Author: ```suggestion
* **Identity Contract** - The smart contract used to store a user's delegated public addresses, see "Contract address"
```
